[tools] added change registry script (#2275)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

To switch the Deckhouse cluster to using a third-party registry, follow these steps:

* Update the `image` field in the `d8-system/deckhouse` deployment to contain the address of the Deckhouse image in the third-party-registry;
* Download script [change-registry.sh](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/tools/change-registry.sh) to the master node and start them with third-party-registry parameters.
  * Example:

    ```shell
    ./change-registry.sh --registry-url https://my-new-registry/deckhouse --user my-user --password my-password

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```
```

>   * If the third-party-registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  * If the third-party-registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.
```

To switch the Deckhouse cluster to using a third-party registry, follow these steps:

* Update the `image` field in the `d8-system/deckhouse` deployment to contain the address of the Deckhouse image in the third-party-registry;

> * Download script [change-registry.sh](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/tools/change-registry.sh) to the master node and start them with third-party-registry parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Download script [change-registry.sh](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/tools/change-registry.sh) to the master node and run it with parameters for a new registry.
```

  * Example:

>     ```shell

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding a command to download script like [here](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md?plain=1#L164).

Author: yep. added

    ./change-registry.sh --registry-url https://my-new-registry/deckhouse --user my-user --password my-password
    ```

>   * If the third-party-registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * If the registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.
```
This script can be used to switch back to registry.deckhouse.io, so seems better not to use `third-party` term.

To switch the Deckhouse cluster to using a third-party registry, follow these steps:

* Update the `image` field in the `d8-system/deckhouse` deployment to contain the address of the Deckhouse image in the third-party-registry;

> * Download script [change-registry.sh](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/tools/change-registry.sh) to the master node and start them with third-party-registry parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the third-party-registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.
```

>   * Example: ```./change-registry.sh --registry-url https://my-new-registry/deckhouse --user my-user --password my-password```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Example:

        ```shell
    ./change-registry.sh --registry-url https://my-new-registry/deckhouse --user my-user --password my-password
    ```
```

>   * If the third-party-registry uses self-signed certificate, put root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's https certificate to file `ca.crt` near script and add option ```--ca-file ca.crt``` to the script run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the third-party-registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the third-party registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.
```

* Download script to the master node and run it with parameters for a new registry.
  * Example:

  ```shell
  curl -fsSL -o change-registry.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/main/tools/change-registry.sh
  chmod 700 change-registry.sh
  ./change-registry.sh --registry-url https://my-new-registry/deckhouse --user my-user --password my-password
  ```
  
  * If the registry uses a self-signed certificate, put the root CA certificate that validates the registry's HTTPS certificate to file `ca.crt` near the script and add the `--ca-file ca.crt` option to the script.
* Wait for the Deckhouse Pod to become `Ready`. Restart Deckhouse Pod if it will be in `ImagePullBackoff` state.
* Wait for bashible to apply the new settings on the master node. The bashible log on the master node (`journalctl -u bashible`) should contain the message `Configuration is in sync, nothing to do`.
* If you want to disable Deckhouse automatic updates, remove the `releaseChannel` parameter from the `d8-system/deckhouse` ConfigMap.
* Check if there are Pods with original registry in cluster (if there are — restart them):

> ```shell
> kubectl get pods -A -o json | jq '.items[] | select(.spec.containers[] | select((.image | contains("deckhouse.io")))) | .metadata.namespace + "\t" + .metadata.name' -r
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```shell
  kubectl get pods -A -o json | jq '.items[] | select(.spec.containers[] | select((.image | contains("deckhouse.io")))) | .metadata.namespace + "\t" + .metadata.name' -r
  ```
```
